well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today we got to talk about a
tennessee senator named carrie roberts
i guess in the middle of his podcast
live stream radio show whatever
he had an epiphany he realized that the
more education somebody had the less
likely they were to agree with gop
policies with republican policies
now this might be the time for soul
searching
among most people but not senator
roberts he's got another idea
he's got another idea the one thing that
we can do to save america today is to
get rid of our institutions of higher
education right now
and cut the liberal breeding ground off
good grief the stupid stuff that our
kids are being taught is absolutely
ridiculous
and this is a woman who is a product of
higher education she learned all of this
stuff that flies in the face
of what we stand for as a country
now the woman he is talking about as a
woman who had the gall the audacity
to to you know try to have her voice
heard in what is supposed to be a
representative government
but what is the stuff that flies in the
face of what we stand for as a country
we got some woman in there who just goes
off and it's all about
pick every every liberal bit of
indoctrination that you can get in the
university setting today
far left i mean you've got all these
intersectionalities
and white supremacy and oppressive this
and every the things she spoke out
against
white supremacy and oppression
and that is what stands flies in the
face what we stand for as a country
speaking out
against white supremacy and oppression
thank you for that illuminating
admission
from the gop that's that's
wow that's great that's fantastic
so rather than taking this bit of
information
that people who have a higher education
and i would suggest that it's not just
formal higher education
people who read more are less likely
to support policies of the republican
party
rather than take that information and
say hey
are our policies outdated have we lost
touch have we not kept up with the
growth of new information in the world
no we need to ban schools we need to get
rid of that
this is why george will conservative
icon a real conservative
this is why he said that young people
today
are starting to see the gop as quote
the dumb party that's why
but to be honest roberts is on on the
right track
because it's the only thing that's going
to save the gop
it's the only thing that is going to
save them and it's what they want
they want to create that permanent
underclass
that uneducated worker class that can't
think for themselves
the pros good workers for big
brother and their corporate donors
that's what they want
anyway it's just a thought you all have
a good night